ENH Paired haversine (#22705)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

- |Fix| :func:`metric.manhattan_distances` now supports readonly sparse datasets.
  :pr:`25432` by :user:`Julien Jerphanion <jjerphan>`.

- |Enhancement| :func:`metric.haversine_distances` can now compute pairwise distances.
  :pr:`22705` by :user:`Jona Sassenhagen <jona-sassenhagen>` and :user:`Charles Patel <acharles7>`.

> 

Reviewer: This entry is unrelated to the scope of this PR. It must be changed to use an `|API|` one stating the introduction of `paired_haversine_distances`.

> - |API| adding :func:`metric.paired_haversine_distances` to compute pairwise haversine distances.
>   :pr:`22705` by :user:`Jona Sassenhagen <jona-sassenhagen>` and :user:`Charles Patel <acharles7>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |API| :func:`metric.paired_haversine_distances` has been introduced to compute
  the haversine distance between pairs of vectors.
  :pr:`22705` by :user:`Jona Sassenhagen <jona-sassenhagen>` and :user:`Charles Patel <acharles7>`.
```

Author: I'm not sure what you mean? The main point of this PR is to add missing functionality, as discussed in https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/issues/17212 Or what am I missing?

  :pr:`26264` by :user:`Barata T. Onggo <magnusbarata>`

- |API| The `eps` parameter of the :func:`metrics.log_loss` has been deprecated and

>   will be removed in 1.5. :pr:`25299` by :user:`Omar Salman <OmarManzoor>`. 

Reviewer 2: Errant change

```suggestion
  will be removed in 1.5. :pr:`25299` by :user:`Omar Salman <OmarManzoor>`.
```
